so now that i've removed one fillet I'm going
to flip the fish so I can get this second side
because I'm right-handed I want to use my knife
the same in the same manner so remember that that
center bone is nice and high in here so this
time I want to be on the left side of it and
the knife is an extension of my hand so I want
to make sure that I use that so I want to first
score into here so I know where I'm going you want
to listen for those cuts remember I went along
here and so I'm listening for those bones as I cut
this so again going right down to the bottom here
and doing that as you can see nice long
cuts all the way up all the way up and
i'm just going to continue going all the
way through if there is any excess skin
i can always take this off after I just want
to get around and there it is right there
and like I said if there's any
excess skin we can easily trim it off